Docs - Add CLI how tos (#393)
iotaledger/stronghold.rs: documentation/docs/welcome.md

---

> description: 'Stronghold is an open-source software library can be used to protect any digital secret. It is a secure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'Stronghold is an open-source software library which can be used to protect any digital secret. It is a secure
```

database for working with cryptography, which ensures that secrets are never revealed - but can be used according to
best practices.'
image: /img/Banner/banner_stronghold.png
keywords:

- welcome
- open-source
- secure
- secrets
- database
- p2p

---

# Welcome

![Stronghold](/img/Banner/banner_stronghold.png)

Stronghold is an open-source software library that was originally built to protect IOTA Seeds, but can be used to
protect any digital secret.

> Stronghold is a secure database for working with cryptography, which ensures that secrets (like private keys) are never

Reviewer 2: sorry to ask, but the repetition is intentional?

Author: We could replace the second and third strongholds for "It provides" or "It is", but since it's the welcome page I thought it'd be best to repeat the product name a bit.

revealed, but can be used according to best practices.

Stronghold provides its own peer-to-peer communication layer, so that different apps can securely communicate using the

> state-of-the-art Noise Protocol over libp2p.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Stronghold provides its own peer-to-peer communication layer, so that different apps can securely communicate using an implementation of the Noise Protocol over libp2p.
```

[![status](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Beta-green.svg)](https://github.com/iotaledger/stronghold.rs)
![Audit](https://github.com/iotaledger/stronghold.rs/workflows/Audit/badge.svg?branch=dev)
![Test](https://github.com/iotaledger/stronghold.rs/workflows/Test/badge.svg)
[![docs](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docs-Official-green.svg)](https://stronghold.docs.iota.org)
[![coverage](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/iotaledger/stronghold.rs/badge.svg?branch=dev)](https://coveralls.io/github/iotaledger/stronghold.rs?branch=dev)
[![dependency status](https://deps.rs/repo/github/iotaledger/stronghold.rs/status.svg)](https://deps.rs/repo/github/iotaledger/stronghold.rs)
[![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.com/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fiotaledger%2Fstronghold.rs.svg?type=shield)](https://app.fossa.com/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fiotaledger%2Fstronghold.rs?ref=badge_shield)

## 3rd Party Independent Security Audit

> In April 2021, F-Secure performed a security assessment of the core crates of IOTA Stronghold and found nothing of

Reviewer 2: Important to mention would also be the latest security Audit done by `WithSecure` ( Former F-Secure ). See the `README.md` on `dev`

Reviewer 2: The actual attestation of work is also linked in `assets`

Author: added :)
